In a world where technology is evolving at every moment, it's common to upgrade old fashioned ways of handling business to new, sophisticated and easy ways: labour work is being slowly substituted by Artificial Intelligence robots, which can do the same job much faster and with less cost; documentation via paper is and has been mostly substituted by online means of saving data, documents, and even work.
As a consequence, the demand for more methods and more individuals with enough knowledge is more than ever. The world evolves and so must the people. Less jobs for hard work such as ------------- are being given, and much more occupations in the scientific and technological area are being created.
Therefore, everything that works around security management or personal information, or both data security and databases is the most “dangerous” work any informatics worker can do. Meanwhile, it's also the most requested and needed development, any business, company or enterprise asks and can’t resolve.
As such, the Universidade de Aveiro created a project with the sole purpose of validating a photo, for a new or old user: FotoFaces. 
This project already existed within the university, and our job is to improve the validating software, using the old FotoFaces algorithms, new implemented algorithms and some created by other university students. We also had the task of creating a microservice architecture, which implements each algorithm into a single independent plugin, that can be turned on or off, depending on the use. Finally, we were to implement, into a self made mobile application, the most important algorithm: Live Detection.
